feat(organelles): allow provision of own reference fasta/gb files for mitohifi (#141)
sanger-tol/genomeassembly: docs/usage.md

| `mitohifi_mito_reference_gb`    | -          | Reference GenBank file to use for reference-based mitochondrial genome assembly with MitoHifi.                                           |
| `mitohifi_mito_genetic_code`    | -          | Mitochondrial genetic code for gene prediction.                                                                                          |
| `mitohifi_plastid_reference_fa` | -          | Reference FASTA file to use for reference-based plastid genome assembly with MitoHifi.                                                   |
| `mitohifi_plastid_reference_gb` | -          | Reference GenBank file to use for reference-based plastid genome assembly with MitoHifi.                                                 |
| `mitohifi_plastid_genetic_code` | 11         | Plastid genetic code for gene prediction.                                                                                                |
| `mitohifi_arguments`            | -          | Extra arguments for MitoHiFi in contigs mode.                                                                                            |

> > **Note:** To run reference-based mitochrondrial or plastid genome search with MitoHiFi, either `mitohifi_reference_species` or both of `mitohifi_{organelle}_refererence_{fa,gb}` must be specified along with `mitohifi_{organelle}_genetic_code`.

Author: ```suggestion
> **Note:** To run reference-based mitochondrial or plastid genome search with MitoHiFi, either `mitohifi_reference_species` or both of `mitohifi_{organelle}_reference_{fa,gb}` must be specified along with `mitohifi_{organelle}_genetic_code`.
```

#### MitoHiFi options

The following options can be used when `assembler` is "mitohifi". Currently, this requires that `long_read_platform` is "pacbio_hifi".

| Parameter                    | Default | Description                                                                                    |
| ---------------------------- | ------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `mitohifi_reference_species` | -       | Binomial name of taxon for reference mitochondrial genome. (Required)                          |
| `mitohifi_mito_reference_fa` | -       | Reference FASTA file to use for reference-based mitochondrial genome assembly with MitoHifi.   |
| `mitohifi_mito_reference_gb` | -       | Reference GenBank file to use for reference-based mitochondrial genome assembly with MitoHifi. |
| `mitohifi_mito_genetic_code` | -       | Mitochondrial genetic code for gene prediction. (Required)                                     |
| `mitohifi_arguments`         | -       | Additional command-line arguments for MitoHiFi in reads mode.                                  |

> > **Note:** To run reference-based mitochrondrial genome assembly with MitoHiFi, either `mitohifi_reference_species` or both of `mitohifi_mito_refererence_{fa,gb}` must be specified along with `mitohifi_mito_genetic_code`.

Author: ```suggestion
> **Note:** To run reference-based mitochondrial genome assembly with MitoHiFi, either `mitohifi_reference_species` or both of `mitohifi_mito_reference_{fa,gb}` must be specified along with `mitohifi_mito_genetic_code`.
```
